you've seen the lineups of people
gathering at new developments in Hong
Kong and they are there to attempt to
purchase a property this is when you
know that there is euphoria in the
system and it has gone beyond classic
supply and demand fundamentals there is
none of that here anymore and this has
all become part of this euphoria that is
taking place trying to get more people
to funnel their way into fewer and fewer
assets and you will push it higher and
higher until it pops and the faster it
rose up then even faster it will fall
down right now people are really getting
screwed and they don't realize that
they're doing this to themselves they
don't need to buy more and more and more
places but they do so anyway the world's
most expensive housing market just got
even pricier right here it's talking
about being more expensive within the
second quarter
Hong Kong's housing affordability ratio
which measures the proportion of income
spent on mortgages worsened to 67
percent that is extreme that makes
Toronto and Vancouver and other places
in the world seem like nothing you can
see that people have been buying based
on debt no different than what we saw
during the subprime crisis no different
than what's happening today in many
parts but Hong Kong is an extreme
scenario when you look at the prices
that people are paying for the homes
compared to what they earn as a salary
you realise that it's not sustainable
and unfortunately people are going to
become let's just say they're going to
be in big trouble
China's top targets u.s. Hong Kong's
most popular destination for overseas
real estate investments due to that is
very clear here 43 percent and what's
surprising about this was that
Canada wasn't even on here I mean there
in the others I'm sure but wasn't even
listed so that is something interesting
to me you can see the other markets as
well whether it's Australia Hong Kong UK
you can see that China is purchasing a
large amount of real estate overseas
scorching housing Hong Kong's existing
home price surged to a record on July
30th and that is an index that they're
referring to but essentially what we're
seeing here is consistently rising
prices and to a great degree as well I
mean you can see that it's only this
chart showing you here for let's say two
years and it's really accelerated in the
last few years so it doesn't seem to be
stopping at any point and when the
dominoes fall it will unfortunately hurt
a lot of people so that's my message for
today just sort of a market recap for
what's going on in Hong Kong I'm going
to leave it there if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up remember that you need to
support the channel now more than ever
because of what YouTube is doing so you
can give me a thumbs up subscribe to the
channel comment on the videos I'd
appreciate that if you want to look
through my books they're at Amazon links
are in the description below you can
actually flip through the pages of them
over there so check that out definitely
I've got links to vide which is sort of
like YouTube but it's a great way to
diversify out of YouTube if you don't
want to be a part of what YouTube is
doing then I'm also posting all of my
videos on vid me as well as theme it so
you can check me out over there they're
on Facebook and Twitter as well
but definitely check me out on either
steam it or with me and I post
everything on there now secret check me
out there I posted a video just to give
you an update here I posted a video a
few hours ago and it was about lottery
tickets and perhaps by the time you see
this video you may have already seen the
other video but immediately when I
posted it they D monetize it
usually it takes a little while or at
least previously now as soon as I posted
it the video is about lottery tickets
and how people spend money on the
lottery tickets and how the states get a
lot of that money and this and that but
that's not a controversial at all that's
not hate speech that's nothing what they
say is advertiser not the advertiser
filming it's just the censorship level
is incredible because it's not to do
with censoring certain types of content
its censoring certain individuals and it
really truly pisses me off very much
this really it's the big blow to me not
because of you know if I was talking
about some of this the things that I see
on YouTube and my channel or my videos
were getting taken down I can understand
but videos that are absolutely not
controversial at all and immediately
when I put them up YouTube
od monetize them I don't know what's
going on I'm not happy
it's it really is nineteen eighty-four
it's brave new world it's everything
that I've talked about and it's
happening to me
specifically and of course others many
others but I'm just I'm seeing it
firsthand and they don't want freedom
speech they clearly don't